THE LAST LECTURE COMMENTARY
I really liked the seminar. It’s very uplifting to see someone take their childhood dreams and make them reality. My favorite part of the lecture was the recurrence of the brick wall. They are there to show us how badly we want something. They create difficulty and provide obstacles for us to overcome. If we don’t put in the effort to break through the brick wall, it shows we truly don’t want to get past it. What struck me as well was his idea of always having fun and never losing your childlike wonder. 

The video as a whole is like a roadmap of his life and accomplishments. It’s daunting, to me, to look back on my life and make a scale of what I have accomplished. I generally live just one day at a time, making it through my busy schedule. What gets me through each day is looking forward to my life after school and how what I’m doing now is leading to something great. I had many childhood dreams, including being a chef, being a doctor, and being an author, among other things. 

His words towards the end of the lecture really spoke to me. “It’s not about how you achieve your dreams. It’s about how you lead your life… the dreams will come to you.” I like this idea more than making a list of all I want to achieve and living only to achieve those dreams. I like to think that leading a fulfilling life, no matter where it takes you, is the most important thing you can do. Positively affecting others and helping them in their personal lives is really important to me. At the end of his lecture, he revealed his “head fake” and said his lecture wasn’t for the audience, but rather for his family. I really liked that he did that. Doing things and giving advice to friends and family is an amazing thing. I know I’ve always felt best when I could help somebody or else or even make them smile. Like Dr. Pausch, I believe in karma and I think helping others is an amazing thing on its own, but l like to believe that it helps me in the long run as well. 

MINDSET COMMENTARY 
I got a 43 on the mindset quiz. That means that I have a growth mindset with a few fixed ideas. I do have a different idea of mindset now. The questions were sometimes not very subtle in determining if you had a fixed mindset or a growth mindset, but some of the questions surprised me because of what popped into my head first. It will definitely affect my mindset moving forward. It’s always been really important to me to have an open mind when doing new things, talking to people, and listening to opposing points of view. I believe it’s best to live life continuously growing rather than being fixed in ways and ideas. 

LINK TO DANCE PARTY 
https://studio.code.org/projects/dance/EtCrBziYyZ5SlwXefhD5LMDQ1hiQaxGCoWp_kB_W9Rc
 
